rich cultural heritage spectacular
scenic beauty the inviting pace of
relaxed New England living in the heart
of the Berkshire Mountains is a charming
retreat that provides an ideal setting
for making lasting vacation memories
discover the wonder of New England from
the comfort of a welcoming family resort
discover silver Leafs oak and spruce
resort in south Lee Massachusetts
surrounded by lush forests and rolling
hills the thoughtful design of oak and
spruce provides a comfortably cozy
setting for our CI subscribing members
here you'll find the best of modern
convenience and the majesty of nature
all are only steps away from your door
step across the threshold of your
accommodations and immerse yourself in
comfort and relaxation here the natural
tapestry of the New England countryside
is celebrated with warm design and rich
texture friendly and inviting your suite
provides you with the comforts of home
wrapped in Bircher charmed
first of all all conspiracies friendly
people so you come to front desk or come
into a movie theater come to swimming
pool everywhere friendly people I feel
my unit on second floor from one side I
enjoy stream all can spruce it's very
important because it's real night our
family one look from your balcony and
you'll quickly discover the fun and
adventure await you take a refreshing
dip in one of four pools challenge
yourself in the health and fitness
center or simply head out and explore
the abundant trails that surround the
resort oak and spruce isn't just a
pretty setting it's a vibrant
destination to experience and that
experience extends beyond the resort
venture out and discover the diversity
in character that draws visitors back to
the Berkshires year after year you'll
find there's art to inspire the spirit
music to move the heart and natural
beauty that will fill you with a sense
of wonder in this area a lot of museums
a lot of restaurants and all this
entertainment for people I like to come
to all construes because its nature and
a lot of cultural events around here so
it's I love it come here again and again
culture
history
experience the charm and grace of the
Berkshires from the cozy comfort of this
inviting family destination discover
silver Leafs oak and spruce resort in
South Lee Massachusetts and start making
your memories today
you